Lord General, Little Yin Feng
400 years ago, you only needed to overcome the tribulation when you cultivated your immortal body
Now the catastrophe is over
Dragon Ball has evolved your mortal karma
Li Yingfeng is on the throne of God
Defeated general
From now on you are no longer mortal
Can we meet again?
This kid is really a god
Laugh so hard that you don't know Tarzan
Zhao Shenjiang said
It turns out that Shenyunzong was exterminated
All the changes that have happened to me
Are they all necessary calamities for cultivating immortals?
Yes, it is the test of the heavens for you
I think it's a toy
So I give up integrity
Xiaoyu seals you
Although the heavens are high above
If the price of immortality is the loss of the love of the loved one
I'd rather not have this position.
Dragon Ball has cleansed your body of shame
If you continue to stay in the world
You will be an ordinary mortal
My fate is up to me
If God dares to hurt my beloved again
Even if the gods come down to earth, I will take care of them
Xiao Yingfeng, you are cruel
But if you still want to become a god
As good as Ying Long
The quota for immortality is so precious
Has been handed over to others
400 years ago because I didn't take good care of the cold
That's why he was poisoned by the devil world
Now give me the quota to become an immortal
I'm not feeling well either.
Young master, please accept the old man's bow
That being the case
Jade Dragon, follow me back to the heavens to be sealed
Hold on
I have something else to say.
Young Master, thank you for your kindness
This dragon ball is useless to me
I gave it to my son
There's lots of uses for this.
peep into the sky
The son needs to be used with caution
What do you want?